README.md, before:

# Hi there 👋 I'm Shannon Fletcher
A passionate developer building useful, reliable, and beautiful software. I love solving hard problems, shipping production systems, and collaborating on open-source projects.

---

## 🚀 About Me
- 🔭 I’m currently working on: Google Cloud Build pipelines and global tag management (GTM container: `gtm-kqqwvx2-zgi2z`)
- 🌱 I’m learning: [Tech / Topic you're learning]
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on: Cloud infrastructure, CI/CD automation, and observability
- 💬 Ask me about: Cloud Build, Google Tag Manager, deployment automation, and infrastructure-as-code
- ⚡ Fun fact: [Short fun fact about you]

---

## 🛠️ Technologies & Tools
I focus on reliable, automated delivery and scalable cloud infrastructure.

Languages & Platforms
- Python · Go · JavaScript / TypeScript

Cloud & CI/CD
- Google Cloud Platform (Cloud Build, Cloud Run, GCS)
- Google Tag Manager (global container: `gtm-kqqwvx2-zgi2z`)
- Docker · Kubernetes

Observability & Ops
- Prometheus · Grafana · Cloud Monitoring
- Terraform · Helm

Databases & Storage
- PostgreSQL · Redis · Cloud Storage

(Replace or reorder these to match your primary skills.)

---

## 🔭 Featured Project
- Global Tag Management — GTM container `gtm-kqqwvx2-zgi2z`  
  Managed a global Google Tag Manager container to centralize analytics and tagging across environments; integrated with Cloud Build pipelines for safe automated updates and rollbacks.  
  Repo / demo: [add your repo or demo link here]

If this is the project you meant to add, tell me the repo URL, a 1–2 sentence description, the tech used, and your role (owner, contributor, maintainer, etc.) and I’ll expand this section with badges, a short architecture diagram, and measurable outcomes.

---

## ⭐ Highlights
- Built and maintained Cloud Build pipelines for automated CI/CD and deployment.
- Managed global GTM container (`gtm-kqqwvx2-zgi2z`) for cross-environment analytics/tagging.
- Contributed to tooling around deployment automation and observability.

---

## 📫 Connect with me

- Website / Portfolio: https://gtm-kqqwvx2-zgi2z.web.app
  
- Twitter / X: https://twitter.com/248nodoubtz


---

## 📈 GitHub Stats (optional)
- GitHub stats card:
  - ![GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=yourusername&show_icons=true&count_private=true)
- Top languages:
  - ![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=yourusername&layout=compact)

---

Commit message:

Revise README with Magic Modules and project overview
Updated README to include Magic Modules information and project details.

Signed-off-by: Tanker187 <yesim100ya@outlook.com>

README.md, after:

# Magic Modules

**Add Google Cloud Platform support to Terraform**

Magic Modules is a code generation framework that automatically generates Terraform providers for Google Cloud Platform (GCP) resources. This repository contains the tooling and templates needed to generate, test, and maintain GCP Terraform provider code.

## 📋 Overview

Magic Modules is a fork of the [GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules) project. It provides an automated approach to creating and maintaining Terraform provider code for GCP services, reducing manual effort and ensuring consistency across provider implementations.

**Repository Details:**
- **Language:** Go Template
- **License:** Apache License 2.0
- **Default Branch:** main
- **Status:** Active (last updated: February 17, 2026)

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Go Template knowledge
- Understanding of Terraform provider development
- Docker or development container setup

### Setup Development Environment

The repository includes a `.devcontainer` configuration for Docker-based development:

```bash
# Open in VS Code with dev container
# Or manually set up your environment using the provided configuration
Languages & Platforms
- Python · Go · JavaScript / TypeScript

Cloud & CI/CD
- Google Cloud Platform (Cloud Build, Cloud Run, GCS)
- Google Tag Manager (global container: `gtm-kqqwvx2-zgi2z`)
- Docker · Kubernetes

Observability & Ops
- Prometheus · Grafana · Cloud Monitoring
- Terraform · Helm

Databases & Storage
- PostgreSQL · Redis · Cloud Storage

(Replace or reorder these to match your primary skills.)

---

## 🔭 Featured Project
- Global Tag Management — GTM container `gtm-kqqwvx2-zgi2z`  
  Managed a global Google Tag Manager container to centralize analytics and tagging across environments; integrated with Cloud Build pipelines for safe automated updates and rollbacks.  
  Repo / demo: [add your repo or demo link here]

If this is the project you meant to add, tell me the repo URL, a 1–2 sentence description, the tech used, and your role (owner, contributor, maintainer, etc.) and I’ll expand this section with badges, a short architecture diagram, and measurable outcomes.

---

## ⭐ Highlights
- Built and maintained Cloud Build pipelines for automated CI/CD and deployment.
- Managed global GTM container (`gtm-kqqwvx2-zgi2z`) for cross-environment analytics/tagging.
- Contributed to tooling around deployment automation and observability.

---

## 📫 Connect with me

- Website / Portfolio: https://gtm-kqqwvx2-zgi2z.web.app
  
- Twitter / X: https://twitter.com/248nodoubtz


---

## 📈 GitHub Stats (optional)
- GitHub stats card:
  - ![GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=yourusername&show_icons=true&count_private=true)
- Top languages:
  - ![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=yourusername&layout=compact)

---
